feat: actions and sign in sections (#258)
worldcoin/world-id-docs: src/pages/id/pitfalls.mdx

# Incognito Actions Common Pitfalls

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add another line of space
```

## Not Verifying Proofs

When using Incognito Actions, it's important to **always verify the proof received from IDKit.** This proof is a _claim_ that the user has been verified by World ID, and verifying that proof with our API or smart contracts is the only way to ensure that the claim is true.

## Improper Signal (Proof fails verification)

> If using a signal as an input to IDKit, the same signal must be submitted when verifying the proof with our API or smart contracts. If the signal is not submitted, the proof will fail verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you specify a signal as an input to IDKit, ensure you include the same signal when verifying the proof with our API or smart contracts. Otherwise, the proof will not verify.
```
